Fix Steeplechase S-bends bounding boxes (#18008)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#17866] [Plugin] Wrong Soft Guest Cap at start of new game
- Fix: [#17959] Areas marked for dirty drawing are too large.
- Fix: [#17966] Reversed steel trains do not properly import from S4.

> - Fix: [#18008] Steeplechase S-bends had multiple 'gaps' visible in the tracks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#18008] Steeplechase S-bends has multiple gaps visible in the tracks.
```

Author: Shouldn't this be 'S-bends **have** multiple gaps (...)'?
